docs: Add minimal resource usage (#611)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/README.md

- [LogPipeline CRD](resources/02-logpipeline.md)
- [TracePipeline CRD](resources/04-tracepipeline.md)
- [MetricPipeline CRD](resources/05-metricpipeline.md)

## Resource Usage

When using the module without further API usage, the telemetry manager is running with a footprint of:
- Minimal   5M Mem / 0.01 CPU
- Maximal 100M Mem / 0.10 CPU

> Activation of the first LogPipeline will cause the deployment of the log agent running an instance per node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activation of the first LogPipeline causes the deployment of the log agent running an instance per Node:
```

- Per node minimal   50M Mem / 0.1 CPU
- Per node Maximal 1000M Mem / 1.0 CPU

> Activation of the first TracePipeline will cause the deployment of the trace gateway running with 2 replicas:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activation of the first TracePipeline causes the deployment of the trace gateway running with two replicas:
```

- 2 * minimal  250M Mem / 0.2 CPU
- 2 * Maximal 2000M Mem / 1.2 CPU

Activation of the first MetricPipeline causes the deployment of the metric gateway running with 2 replicas and the metric agent running per Node:

> - 2 * minimal   30M Mem / 0.01 CPU + Per node minimal   50M Mem / 0.01 CPU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 2 * minimal   30M Mem / 0.01 CPU + per node minimal   50M Mem / 0.01 CPU
```

> - 2 * Maximal 1000M Mem / 1.00 CPU + Per node Maximal 1200M Mem / 1.00 CPU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 2 * Maximal 1000M Mem / 1.00 CPU + per node maximal 1200M Mem / 1.00 CPU
```

## Resource Usage

When using the module without further API usage, the Telemetry Manager is running with a footprint of:
- Minimal   5M Mem / 0.01 CPU
- Maximal 100M Mem / 0.10 CPU

Activation of the first LogPipeline causes the deployment of the log agent running an instance per Node:
- Per node minimal   50M Mem / 0.1 CPU
- Per node Maximal 1000M Mem / 1.0 CPU

Activation of the first TracePipeline causes the deployment of the trace gateway running with two replicas:
- 2 * minimal  250M Mem / 0.2 CPU
- 2 * Maximal 2000M Mem / 1.2 CPU

> Activation of the first MetricPipeline will cause the deployment of the metric gateway running with 2 replicas and the metric agent running per node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activation of the first MetricPipeline causes the deployment of the metric gateway running with 2 replicas and the metric agent running per Node:
```
